An Aura Graphical User Interface to Utilize BlockChain,
Big Data, Artificial Intelligence & the Internet of Things 
in the Most Trustworthy, Fun & Virtuous Ways Possible.

A Meta Program to 
Build “The Tool”
Much like Will Wright created several 
of the worlds most successful games 
by building Tools to make complex 
things like characters and cities,
EG: The Sims, Sim City and Spore.
Much like Elon Musk had to build the 
Tesla Gigafactory to make electric 
cars at an appropriate price point.
We will build a simple interface and 
LLM prompts to build complex Aura’s 
which have the capability to evolve in 
symbiosis with the human operator in 
the real world, simultaneously with 
virtual avatars in the Metaverse.

Wordcloud of Problems to Solve in Progressive Societies

“Problem ≈ Human Bias”
Fear, Hatred, Jealousy, Poverty, Waste, Unawareness etc.
“Solution ≈ AuraOi”
• Prompt cycles for every phase of life 
to integrate with multi-modal Large 
Language Models and/or train them. 
• Interactive visualizations with local 
machine learning algorithms and VR 
heads up display tools to use in many 
locations for social media, health, 
work, participatory governance etc.
• Backwards compatible with mobiles 
and ready for next generation smart 
wearables and various intelligences.
• Interoperable via plug’n’play no-code 
modules with fully vetted, safe code.
AuraOi
Self-direct fine-tuning LLM’s: time/privacy/personality
Scalable reflection modules to customize personal interactions
Choose your own rates of urgency; direction; style; narrative etc.
Structured data collection and relational data base management
Integrate Bias identification and personal management processes

Aura O.i. Basics of an Aura Construction Process

Wireframer: XR Aura Builder App

Wireframer: XR Aura Builder with an ML Vector Space
• 12 x 24 matrix for linking objects 
with your Aura XR Scaffolding
• Convert objects to patterns for use in 
the machine learning vector space
• Tables, objects, weights and biases
• 7 Chakras in ROYGBIV colours
• 1 Geosphere for Earth and Star Maps
• Relative scale to body measurements
• Vector space for machine learning
• Proximity settings for pandemics
• Infinite scroll through torus apex
• Inside shell private, outside public

Wireframer: XR Aura Builder App
Inside of each of  7 aura chakra torus’ is the privacy mode, and an ability to use object  based 
zero code programming,  all the way down to its Vector database. Most users will only need t o 
use top level, large language model programming and second level visual pattern mat ching.

Wireframer: XR Aura Builder App

Wireframer: XR Aura Builder App

https://GAJRA.Earth
Global 
Association for 
Joyful 
Responsible
Abundance on 
Earth
Participate in Games,
Events, Festivals &
Care for the Earth.
Game Theory Integration: 
Aura O.i.  x G.A.J.R.A. Earth
Millionaire Auras, Billionaire Auras, & Solving AGI Alignment.
Plus, Something Special!
The First Ever World Votes: for AGI Values Alignment
Largest Ever Simultaneous Festival in Art, Dance and Music
Voting to Identify Common Sense Core Values & Virtues Across Time
Commemorating 40 th Anniversary of Live Aid and 20 th of Live8, to End Poverty
24HR OF PAST
24HR OF NOW
24HR OF NEXT
ART & IN CONCERT
AND A WORLD VOTE
Synchronized Concerts in Over 50,000 Towns & Cities

GAJRA.Earth and AuraOi Social Web (A Metaverse)
GAJRA.Earth a Global Association for Joyful Responsible Abundance on 
Earth, intends to build the world's largest social web via interconnected 
Auras, mixed reality games and entertainment. Then collaboratively define 
and increase joy and responsible abundance during AGI Alignment phase.
•Outreach to ~50,000 towns + cities with 10,000 or more residents
•Universities + Schools lead surveys: map values/virtues * past/now/next
•Register Artists + Performers to create art/music * past/now/next

Aura Affinity Marketplace and Internet of Good
• A marketplace for all things related to Aura’s and Virtuous Living
• Businesses in the world with “Aura” in their trading name
• More than 10,000 quickly identifiable (google maps search)
• Mainly Wellbeing, Accommodation and Creative Industries
• “Aura Of …” Clothing with Values, to map core values globally
• BlockChain and Fiat currency payment systems with BNPL loans
• Aura, Chakra, Halo, Chi and relative concepts on paraphernalia 

Wireframer: XR Aura Builder App (Making Money)

GAJRA and AURA Cryptocurrency Tokens and DAO’s
• Newsletter and Content Creation
• Swarmwise Outreach and Growth
• Identify Grants and Apply
• DAO Development/Deployment
• Marketplace Transactions
• Unique Collectable NFT’s
• Distributed GPU Compute 
• Game Modifications and Assets
• In-Game AI Bots and Agents
• Open World Game Strategies

Hardware Design Brief 1:
Build a suite of plug’n’play hardware kits that power Auras for Regular Travelers.
Do it yourself kits;     Low budget kits;     Mid range kits;     Spare no expense kits.
Clothes; Phone; Laptop; IoT Peripherals.
• Short-term, mid-term, or permanently travelling
• Only Carry on Luggage Kits of up to 7kg
• Checked and Carry on Luggage Kits up to 30Kg
• Checked and Carry on Luggage Kits up to 39Kg
• Checked and Carry on Luggage Kits up to 53Kg
• Checked and Carry on Luggage Kits up to 71Kg
Hardware Design Brief 2:
Build high quality hardware systems for Auras in capsule hotels and quarantine hotels.
Capsule hotels can offer a HUGE opportunity for Civil Services in the developing world if 
supplemented by Artificial Intelligence, Augmented Reality and Just In Time Learning. 
• Hackathons
• Maintenance
• Automation
• Education
• Wellbeing
• Innovation
• Arts & Crafts
Hardware Design Brief 3:
Build an Aura Hardware System for a Luxury Retirement Village.
According to data from World Population 
Prospects: the 2017 Revision, the number 
of older persons — those aged 60 years or 
over — is expected to more than double by 
2050 and to more than triple by 2100, 
rising from 962 million globally in 2017 to 
2.1 billion in 2050 and 3.1 billion in 2100. 
Globally, population aged 60 or over is 
growing faster than all younger age groups.
Singapore over 65’s 2015-2035
Hardware Design Brief 4:
Build an Aura Hardware System for an NDIS disability estimation and rehabilitation clinic.
Also cognitive architecture for memory and personality support of people with dementia.
This Aura must be specifically set up to assist the designers who customize Aura Hardware 
into systems for specific disabilities so more people can function at their highest potential.

Hardware Design Brief 5:
Build an Aura System for one of many luxury health retreats or multi-national hotel & spas.

Hardware Design Brief 6:
Design/build an Aura Hardware System for Stockland’s 
“Aura City of Color” display center near Caloundra, 
90km north of Brisbane, Australia.
Consult with Stockland’s team at Aura Caloundra to 
design a Family Size Aura System where a family of 
2 adults and 3 children can use 5 AR and/or 5 VR 
headsets together at once.
Building such a shared experience hardware system 
will also lead to sales for schools, TAFE, universities, 
capsule hotels, quarantine hotels, co-working spaces 
and corporations as well as a franchise model.
Hardware Design Brief 7:
Build an Aura System for a major 
night club entertainment facility
Construct a state-of-the-art 5G internet cloud 
for up to 3,000 Aura’s to interact on-site and 
seamlessly integrate with the audio-visual 
Entertainment and Recording Systems.
Possibly partner with NVIDIA/AMD.

Worldbuilding a Protopian Future for Humanity
Incremental steps to make each day better than the previous day
Overlapping processes to increase intelligence and happiness
Responsible transitions to attain ecological balance on Earth
Interlocking corporations that scale rapidly and provide value
Gamify.
Democracy.
GAJRA Earth
CCCQC
“Protopia constitutes what I hold to be the best term for the massive set of interlinked projects of 
activists, thinkers, and practitioners around the world who seek to contribute to the necessary and 
desirable transformations of societies around the world.” https://metamoderna.org/whats-the-difference-between-utopia- eutopia-and-protopia/
Thanks for taking the time to view my 
future vision in its most succinct form.
Please contact me if you wish to work 
together to build a Protopian future.
Sincerely
Luke Nathan Hayes
A.K.A. Luke Catalyst
Kelvin Grove, Brisbane, Australia
Linkedin.com/in/lukecatalyst/
AuraOfintelligence@gmail.com
WhatsApp +61 490 452 049

A Grand Narrative for Gamification toward Protopia
500QueensVC.com
 Worldbuilding for Good
“Definition and origin of the word Protopia” link
Simulation